Add advisory for h2: resource exhaustion vulnerability may lead to DoS (#1684)
rustsec/advisory-db: crates/h2/RUSTSEC-0000-0000.md

```toml
[advisory]
id = "RUSTSEC-0000-0000"
package = "h2"
date = "2023-04-14"
url = "https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/issues/2877"
categories = ["denial-of-service"]
keywords = ["http", "http2", "h2"]
aliases = ["CVE-2023-26964", "GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r"]
[versions]
patched = [">= 0.3.17"]
```

# h2 causes stream stacking, may cause Denial of Service (DoS)

> h2 causes stream stacking, may cause Denial of Service.

Reviewer: The description in the [GHSA advisory was a bit more extensive](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r).

Reviewer: I'm not saying to verbatim copy it, but it would be nice to have the same information

Author: I don't believe I can give appropriate summary for this entry.

Reviewer: Okay, well the added info is an improvement at least

> h2 causes stream stacking, may cause Denial of Service. Please see [GitHub Security Advisory entry](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r) for more info.

Reviewer 2: I'd never heard of stream stacking, and a quick Google search only brings up a copy of the same CVE in all the registries (😅).

```suggestion
If an attacker is able to flood the network with pairs of `HEADERS`/`RST_STREAM` frames, such that the `h2` application is not able to accept them faster than the bytes are received, the pending accept queue can grow in memory usage. Being able to do this consistently can result in excessive memory use, and eventually trigger Out Of Memory.

Please see the [GitHub Security Advisory entry](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r) for more info.
```

Fair?

Reviewer 3: This is somewhat of an unusual case given the circumstances of that CVE.

Reviewer 2: At the same time, we're guessing. The reporter hasn't confirmed that was the issue _they_ saw. So, I dunno 🤷

Reviewer 3: I believe the reporter of the issue was a different person than the reporter of the CVE. I think the CVE was just a copy-paste of the issue.

```toml
[advisory]
id = "RUSTSEC-0000-0000"
package = "h2"
date = "2023-04-14"
url = "https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/issues/2877"
categories = ["denial-of-service"]
keywords = ["http", "http2", "h2"]
aliases = ["CVE-2023-26964", "GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r"]
[versions]
patched = [">= 0.3.17"]
```

# Resource exhaustion vulnerability in h2 may lead to Denial of Service (DoS)

If an attacker is able to flood the network with pairs of `HEADERS`/`RST_STREAM` frames, such that the `h2` application is not able to accept them faster than the bytes are received, the pending accept queue can grow in memory usage. Being able to do this consistently can result in excessive memory use, and eventually trigger Out Of Memory.

> Please see the [GitHub Security Advisory entry](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r) for more info.
> 

Reviewer: This advisory now contains more detailed and correct information than the GHSA, so we probably shouldn't refer people to that.

```suggestion
Please see the [GitHub Security Advisory entry](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-f8vr-r385-rh5r) for more info.

```
